---
title: Flux VIC Registration
summary: Flux Victoria will be submitting our registration papers to the VEC on Friday 2nd of March. This post contains relevant information for members.
author: Flux VIC
layout: about
date: 2017-02-27 00:00
redirects:
- "/vicrego"
---

On Friday the 2nd of March Flux Victoria plans to submit our registration papers to the Victoria Electoral Commission (VEC).

If you are a member and your address is in Victoria your membership may be used as evidence for the validity of our application.

As part of the process all members submitted with valid details will be sent a form in the mail which must be responded to and sent back for us to successfully register. We'll contact all relevant members at the right time to remind them of this.

We'd like to thank all our members and we're looking forward to journeying with you into the 2018 Victorian election 🙂.

All the best,
Flux Victoria Team

### FAQ

* __What is required of me?__
  * If your membership details don't validate against the electoral roll you will have been sent an email. In this case please update them.
  * Otherwise there's nothing to do right now.
  * Once the VEC is satisfied we have supplied at least 500 valid electors they will begin mailing _physical letters_ to your electoral address.
  * You'll be contacted via email and SMS when this happens.
  * You will need to respond **Yes** to the question "Are you a member of Flux Victoria", sign and date the form, and then return it to the VEC using the self-addressed pre-paid envelope included with the form.
  * Thats it!

* __How do I opt out?__
  * If you would like to opt out of this registration there are two options.
  * First, you can ensure the "State consent" option on your member details page is _not_ checked. You will remain a member of Flux AUS but will not be used for state registration.
  * Secondly, you can revoke your membership entirely (again from the member details page). [More information](https://voteflux.org/about/faq/#how-can-i-revoke-my-membership)
  * You can find instructions on accessing your member details page [here](https://voteflux.org/about/faq/#where-is-my-member-details-page).

* __How do I contact the Flux VIC Steering Committee?__
  * We can be emailed at `leadership.vic@voteflux.org`
